There are many different aspects to the design of this skill. The different intents 
and the slots are used to determine the correct response to anything a user talls Alexa. 
The invocation name of this skill is Earthquake Probability. This name will be easy to 
to remember what the skill does in comparison to many other invocation names you may need
to remember. 

  After creating the invocation name I created three different intents that will be needed
for the skill to run correctly. These three intents used are introintent, list_states, and 
choose_states. The introintent has the purpose of asking the initial question when the user
opens the skill and starts the conversation. 

  The list_states intent is used when the user asks Alexa to tell them the states they can 
choose from to learn their risk of an Earthquake. When Alexa hears the user say one of the
sample utterances, the corresponding function in the lambda code will run. The code takes 
the entire states array and uses a for loop to list all of the states for the user to hear. 

  The choose_states intent is when the sure responds with a state, valid or not. When Alexa
hears a response that is not a utterance for the list_states or intro intent intents, the 
choose_states intent is used. In the lambda function there are two possible responses for
this intent. Alexa will wither tell the user the correct risk of an earthquake for the said
state or tell the user that their response is not a valid state and listens for a valid one. 
The lambda function stores the user's response in a variable and users a for loop to go through
the states array find the position of the state the user stated. Then the function uses that 
position to retrieve the risk value from the risk array. If the user's response is not found 
Alexa will respond to the user that their said state is not a valid state and asks them for 
another one. If the state is found in the array, Alexa will respond by saying the states name
and the risk of an earthquake happening. 

  I also used one slot in this skill. The slot was called state. This slot was used as the
utterance that called for the choose_state intent to be used. This allows the user to answer
with something that is not a state: however, the lambda function can determine if it is not
valid state and request the user to say a real U.S. state. 

  Ultimately, the three intents, one slot, and lambda function put togther make the skill run 
flawlessly and provides the user with the correct risks by using for loops to go through arrays
and extract the correct pieces of information. 
